# tfLogParser

## Overview

The Terraform Log Parser is a command-line tool designed to parse and filter logs generated by Terraform when the TF_LOG environment variable is set. This tool allows users to easily extract specific log entries based on log levels, time range, and keywords, making it simpler to analyze and debug Terraform execution logs.

## Features
 - Log Level Filtering: Filter logs by a specified minimum log level (e.g., INFO, DEBUG, ERROR).
 - Time Range Filtering: Specify start and end times (in RFC3339 format) to only display logs within a certain time window.
 - Keyword Search: Search for specific keywords within the log messages.
 - Flexible Input: Process logs from a specified file.

## Installation

To build the Terraform Log Parser, you need Go installed. Once Go is set up, you can build the parser with the following command:
````golang
go build -o ./target/tfLogParser
````
This will compile the Go source code and place the resulting binary in the target directory.

## Usage

The Terraform Log Parser can be executed by passing several command-line flags for filtering. Below is an example of how to run the tool:

````bash
./target/tfLogParser --level=INFO --start-time="2024-10-03T00:43:29.918-0400" --end-time="2024-10-03T00:43:29.919-0400" --file="resources/log.txt"
````

### Flags:
 - `--level`: The minimum log level to display (TRACE, DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR).
 - `--start-time`: Filter logs starting from this time (RFC3339 format).
 - `--end-time`: Filter logs up to this time (RFC3339 format).
 - `--file`: The path to the log file to be processed.
 - `--search`: Keyword to search for in log messages.

## Example
````bash
./target/tfLogParser --level=DEBUG --start-time="2024-10-03T00:40:00.000-0400" --end-time="2024-10-03T00:50:00.000-0400" --file="resources/tf-debug.log"
````
In this example:
 - Logs of level DEBUG and higher (e.g., INFO, WARN, ERROR) are displayed.
 - Only logs between 2024-10-03T00:40:00 and 2024-10-03T00:50:00 are included.
 - The logs are read from the file resources/tf-debug.log.

## Contribution

Feel free to contribute to the Terraform Log Parser by submitting issues, feature requests, or pull requests on the GitHub repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.

With this tool, you’ll have greater control over your Terraform logs, making it easier to troubleshoot infrastructure changes and debugging.